Woman: Previously on Deadbeat...
Ghost stick around when they
have unfinished business.
Finishing unfinished
business is my business.
Camomile: What else do
we know about this guy?
It seems he's fashioned
himself a little ghost hut
- out of a newsstand.
- What are you scheming?
- Camomile White.
- Hi.
Would you like to go out sometime?
That's not what I thought you'd say.
- Do you want to take my number?
- Oh.
- Call me when you want to...
- (Grunting)
play. Call me.
(Theme music playing)
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
(Mysterious theme playing)
I don't get why she hasn't called me back.
I mean, I have certainly left
her enough voice messages
to let her know I'm still interested.
Look, why don't you just
break into her apartment
and wear all her clothes and wait for her?
I do know where she lives.
Look, just play it cool, you know?
People love what they can't have.
And that's the principle. It's
the same business with pa-chank.
You can never try to impress a femmie.
That's why I let them impress me.
- Yeah, that makes sense.
- Excuse me. Is this your place?
I'm here 'cause I heard
you deal with ghosts.
- Yeah, he's the best.
- I am the best.
I work over at the United
States of Apparel on Lex.
It's that clothing store. I
think it might be haunted.
Uh, I'm sorry. Are you asking me questions?
- Or...
- No, that's the way she talks.
- Oh.
- Look, look. Sorry about him.
- I got to get back to my shift,
but can you take the case or not?
I can't pay you money, but
I can probably give you
some merchandise left
over from last season.
Listen, I can't afford to do any more cases
where I don't get paid in money for.
You know what... I know somebody
that can flip that merch into cash.
- Oh, all right.
- So can you come with me right now?
- We on it, we on it.
- We on it.
We on it, baby. It's a ghost.
Hey, you know what? I think
you should let me come with you
on this case. Could be like a ride along.
Ah, I see what's going on here, man.
You are head over heels for this girl.
No, no. That's not what it
is. I want to see, actually,
what my best friend does
on this job, you know?
- Oh, do you?
- Yes, yes.
Okay, let's go.
(Mysterious theme playing)
Oh, my God. I hate myself.
Oh, come on, man. These hoes are
pros, man, these skinny girls.
Actually, all these poses are of girls
that are employees or former employees.
Word?
Oh, my God. So I'm guessing this is you.
Ha, ha, ha. It's from the spring 2014 line.
Your ass is from the spring 2014 line?
- The sock, silly.
- Oh. I'll take that too.
(Mysterious theme playing)
Hey there, doll face. I see you.
Woman: What a weirdo.
What?
Okay. Let's get you in here.
I'm sorry. Sorry.
Yeah.
Thought maybe you would
like a little privacy.
Oh, pardon me, where are my mannerisms?
My name is Kevin, and I help ghosts.
Even ghosts like you who
have taken up root in,
let's be honest,
in extraordinarily
realistic vessels like this.
You know like, 90 percent human basically.
It's almost as if no one could fault a guy
for getting confused and...
inserting myself into you.
I just so happen I have
one of these pre-lubes,
so you don't have to do any of the work.
Lot of diseases out there.
I just...
Oh! Ah! Ha, ha, ha!
Dude, what is your damage?
I had to get you out of there
somehow. Look, it worked.
Wait, how... how can you hear me?
Like I said to your mannequin, I'm Kevin.
I help ghosts, all right?
So let's rap, let's jive.
Tell what you're doing
here. What's your name?
- Why are you haunting this store?
- My name is Alice.
I was just a girl from Bumblefork, Iowa.
I moved to New York City
with big eyes and a small
waist and a medium-sized dream.
I wanted to be a model.
One day, the CEO of United
States of Apparel, Reed Kelly,
came in while I was working.
We started talking about tube tops,
and he must've been really
interested in what I had to say
because he asked me out.
I went out with him, just the two of us.
And that's when it happened.
What? Oh. Oh, my God, did
he... did he murder you?
Worse. He kept on telling
me how beautiful I was
and how hot I was making him, and...
Next thing I knew, I was
stripped down to my underwear
and he was taking pictures of me.
Oh, my God, he exploitered you.
Just like he exploitered
every other girl in here.
No.
Those other girls, they got lucky.
What do you mean? What did he do?
He, uh...
He...
He didn't use my pictures.
He didn't...
Uh, ex-squeeze me?
Not on billboards, not in the store,
not even in those pop-up ads
during words with friends.
Calm down, calm down. I'm
here to help, remember?
- You are?
- Yes.
It sounds like a piece of cake.
All I gotta do is meet with this CDO guy
- and make him use these photos, right?
- Yeah.
- But there's just one problem.
- What?
Reed Kelly suffers from a debilitating case
of cacomorphobia.
Oh, no. Oh, boy.
Is that the irrational fear of cocoa puffs?
Uh, no.
It's the fear of fat people.
Fear of fat...
Sorry.
Cacomor...? It sounds like cockomorphobia.
So it's not a fear of cocoa puffs,
it's a fear of those who
consume them irresponsibly.
Exactly. I have no idea how I
get a meeting with this guy.
Look at me. How am I gonna
pass myself off as thin?
I don't know, lose weight?
Oh, get serious, Roofie. Come on.
What about you? You're skinny.
You can talk to the CDO.
Hey man, I would, but I
got priors with N'Cole.
With N'Cole?
I knew it. I knew it, man.
I mean, do you even know a guy who
can flip women's clothing into cash?
Or am I just gonna have to wear
this stuff, like a fancy boy?
I'm sorry, Pac, but, man,
this bitch could be the one.
You're really into this chick, huh?
Almost. But she's all stressed
about this ghost thing.
Actually, you solving this
could be major points for me.
All right, all right, I will. I'll do it.
I still have no idea how am
I gonna get into his office.
I don't know, just, you know,
like, wear something slimming.
Wear something slimming?
Something that makes you look thinner.
You know what? I think
I have just the thing.
(Upbeat theme playing)
(Clears throat)
Can I help you?
(Speaks French)
I am Pierre L'Croissant,
the very famous French fashion mongrel.
Perhaps you have heard of me.
I am arrived to see Reed Kelly.
I'm sorry, if you don't
have an appointment,
I can't let you in.
Do you really think
that Pierre L'Croissant,
the inventor of the cargo short,
is accustomed to waiting
for an appointment?
Do you really think you're
passing for three skinny people
and not just one fat guy
with two fake black heads
mounted on his shoulders?
Touché.
Okay, listen, I just need five
minutes of Mr. Kelly's time.
It's about an employee who was
terrorizing one of his stores.
It's a... it's a pretty young thing
he had may have an indiscretion with.
I think he'll wanna hear about it.
Mr. Kelly, there's a
Pierre L'Croissant here
to see you, says it's urgent.
Quite fat, yeah.
Okay.
Thank you.
(Door buzzes open) Kelly: Mr. croissant.
Mr. croissant, please, please come in.
As a result of my involuntary repulsion
towards people of considerable girth,
I will have to conduct this
meeting facing away from you.
I completely understand, good
sir. The reason I'm here...
- Oh. Stop, stop, stop.
- What?
- (Bleep) me.
Even your voice sounds
fat. Look, do me a favor.
Croissant, please there is
a helium tank to your right.
- Yeah, the pink one?
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I always keep it on deck.
I have an obese FedEx guy.
- Do me a favor, just give it a little toot.
- A little suck on this?
Yeah, stop talking. Give it a little...
Okay.
(High voice): Ah. Okay, is that better?
Much.
- Okay.
- Thank you. I like that a lot.
Anyway, you were saying?
Yes, I was saying that...
I'm afraid one of your
stores is being haunted
by a former employee named Alice N.
She's a little peeved
because you took some
scandally type photos of her
and then didn't use any of them.
(Sighs)
Son of a bitch.
I knew this would come back
to bite me right in the dick.
Yeah. I know the girl you're talking about.
Yes, yes.
Got me. Okay.
And there's a reason,
a perfectly good reason
that I did nothing with those photos.
You see, I found out that
Allison was in fact...
My daughter.
- What?
- Yeah.
From a one-night stand, years ago.
- In middle school.
- (Normal voice): Oh, my God.
- Whoa, helium, helium. Helium.
- Yeah, I got it right here.
(Gags)
(High voice): Okay,
we're back to square one.
Oh, Jesus. Okay. Anyway, I'm sorry,
but there's no way I
could exploit my daughter.
I mean, what kind of a
monster do you think I am?
Well, I will certainly tell Alice N.
She's gonna be a little disappointed.
Also, probably a little disturbed.
Okay, I'm sorry. Hold on.
Why do you keep saying her name that way?
What? Oh, Alice N?
Because I know two Alices,
and this is how I keep
them different in my head.
This one is called Alice N,
like new Alice, Alice New.
- The other is Alice O for old...
- Okay, hold on.
Stop it. Stop it. Stop it.
I got it. Ha, ha, ha.
Wait a minute. Holy shit.
Wait a second. I thought
you were saying Allison.
- No. Alice...
- Yes. Can you understand
why I thought you were saying Allison?
- Because when you say Alice N,
- Alice N, yeah.
It sounds like Allison.
- Oh, I guess so.
- Okay. This Alice girl.
This Alice "N", okay?
I don't... I don't know
who... that's not my daughter.
No. Uh-uh. No, no, no.
She's probably just some
girl from Bumble ( ), Iowa.
- Uh, it's Bumblefork.
- Whatever. Don't correct me.
Anyway, I will totally
exploit this Alice girl.
Fantastic. Yeah.
That is great news. Uh, but
what about your daughter?
The other Allison?
Let's just forget about her.
(Mysterious theme playing)
- These are the photos from Reed.
- Alice: Fat.
Fat. F.U.P.A.
Fat.
Bloated earlobe.
Melon groove.
Look at these rolls of fat on my side here.
Those are ribs.
Are these really all of them?
I think you look
super-duper skinny in these.
Well, compared to you, maybe.
You're like one big human carbohydrate.
Hey. I happen to love my
body for what it is, okay?
- Well, aren't you lucky?
- Yes.
What the hell?
Roofie? Are those kitty
cats in your underwear?
Yo, what the hell? I thought you
was dealing with the haunting.
I tried, I tried. There is
just no pleasing this ghost.
She has got major body issues.
She doesn't even have a body anymore.
Look, please don't let me down, man.
N'Cole got some melon grooves
a dude could get lost in.
I wanna help you with that, but I can't.
- Hey, Please finish this, all right?
- Yeah, okay.
Uhh.
(Sobbing)
Hey, hey, hey.
Hey, girl.
Listen, I was thinking we
could take those pictures
and photoshop them to make you
look as skinny as you want.
No, that would be cheating.
I mean, those photos are supposed to show
my hard w ork and dedication to...
Oh, my God. I'm such an idiot.
Wait. Okay, those photos from the boat,
those were taken before my tapeworm diet.
Before your what?
A few weeks after the photo-bang,
I went down to Mexico
and ingested a tapeworm.
For months, I could eat whatever
I wanted and still lose weight.
I paid a pretty peso for it,
but it was totally worth it,
- until it finally killed me.
- Yeah.
Someone should probably put
a warning on those things.
- I know.
- Anyway,
what are you telling me this for?
Don't you see?
I mean, right before I died,
I was at my ideal body weight,
but I don't have any pictures of it.
Not even a little selfie?
No, I was too weak to lift the camera.
Okay. I'm not gonna go dig up your corpse
and take creepy pictures of it.
- No, of course not.
- Okay, good because...
- No, those pictures should be sexy.
- Yes. A... wait, what?
Sexy, but tasteful.
Oh.
(Dramatic theme playing)
Roofie: The things we do for pa-chank.
Kevin: Oh, the things you do for pa-chank.
I'm doing this for
ill-fitting women's clothing.
From last season, no less.
What happened to the
advice about the principle?
Never going out of your
way to impress a femmie?
We're about to dig up a
grave so you can get laid.
Roofie: The principle applies,
okay? It's just complicated.
You gotta get a girl to
a tipping point, right?
And you gotta do whatever
to push her over the edge.
You sound like a real Reed Kelly right now.
- Reed Kelly?
- Yeah. You're exploitering me.
What? You think I wanna be here?
What? Oh, I don't know.
You tell me, exploiterer.
- Let's just get this over with.
- Yeah.
(Dramatic theme playing)
Roofie: Yo, man, I'm freaked out, man.
I'm, like, wondering what's under here,
like it's a model dead
chick that's gonna pop up
like tales from the crypt, like
(Cackles)
What? No. She's only
been dead for two weeks.
Probably an embalmed body
takes months to decompose.
How do you even know that?
Because, Roofie, I know some
stuff about some stuff, okay?
I don't ask you how much a
quarter pound of weed weighs.
- (Shovel hits casket)
- Look. This is it.
(Suspenseful theme playing)
Okay.
- Good. You ready?
- Yeah.
All right, on the count of 30.
One...
- Two...
- Come on, man.
What? All right, okay.
(Both gasp)
- She looks like a damn corpse.
- Beautiful.
She was a handsome lady.
So, what should I do? Should I,
like, try and make her smile?
No, give her the duck lips
like everybody got on.
Oh. Oh, good. Good call.
Roofie: Ooh.
- Oh!
- Aw, nuts, I think I broke her jaw.
- What's the matter with you?
- I don't know.
My weight just shifted. I...
let me see if I can fix it.
- Oh, no, it's okay.
- Dislocation. Just fix it, fix it.
All right. I got it.
There we go.
What is that?
- (Hissing)
- (Both screaming)
Goddamn it.
- Oh, my God.
- Kill it, kill it, kill it!
- Die!
- Kill it! Kill it!
Oh, it's the Mexican
tapeworm from the diet.
It's Medusa's cousin.
Okay, get the picture, get the picture.
- Oh! God! So gross.
- I'm gonna get the picture.
(Both screaming)
Kevin: Did you get it? Did you get it?
- Roofie: I got it.
- Kevin: Oh, good.
- Alice: You're kidding me, right?
- What do you mean?
You look so thin.
- Yo, what's she saying?
- Hold on.
Look at my hair and make-up in these.
I mean, what, was I styled by a mortician?
- Well, yeah.
- Not to mention
I'm not wearing United
States of Apparel in these.
They'll never put them up on the wall.
That was the whole point of this, remember?
I do, I do.
She's upset about the hair and
makeup and clothing choices.
So she want us to go back to the
cemetery, re-exhume her body,
and go all extreme makeover on her ass?
(Both laugh)
Wait, wait, wait. That's
actually a good idea.
- Huh?
- A makeover?
Roofie: Wait, what?
(Upbeat theme playing)
(Inaudible dialogue)
- I don't know.
- You don't know?
- What don't you know?
- Girl: Mommy, look.
I wanna look just like
that girl when I grow up.
Did you hear that little girl?
What, the one that wants to grow up
and look like a malnourished
corpse? Yeah, I heard her.
My whole life, I've been
taught by magazines and movies
that being thin was what
made me worth anything.
That girl might develop an
eating disorder because of me.
It's me. I'm part of the problem.
Which means...
That I'm finally a real model.
(Alice laughs)
Yeah, that's it, that's what that means.
Oh, yes. Oh, yeah.
- Yes.
- That's how you do it.
- Now I can roll around and...
- N'Cole: Hey!
What the hell's all of this?
Another ghost case solved, honey melon.
It was easy. All we had to do
was convince Kelly to put up these photos.
Yeah, and he put it up over mine.
We through, Roofie. And you,
you're not getting that
leftover merchandise.
- Oh, come on. Damn it.
- This is...
I thought you didn't want the merchandise.
I didn't want the merchandise.
But now that I can't have it,
all I can think about is the...
- The principle.
- See?
- It does play.
- I get it now. I see it crystal clear.
- Crystal clear.
- Gotta give you credit, man.
- Hey.
Does kind of suck we didn't
get anything from today though.
Hm. I mean, we got to...
the facial was good.
The makeover thing, that was kind of cool.
The cucumbers and...
Uh, the baseball game was pretty good.
- What day are you talking about?
- Oh. Never mind.
That's another day. You're
talking about today.
- Today.
- Today was good. Yeah.
- Let's get manis and pedis.
- Yeah, I'm starving.
I wonder if I have body issues.
I don't think so.
You definitely have body
issues, little buddy.
(Laughs)
Look at you, you got such a weird body.
Well, I think maybe we
should do a little acid
and reward ourselves for a
job well done. I think so.
Down the hatch. Ohh.
Hey, excuse me, Holmes?
(Mysterious theme playing)
Oh, come on. What are you?
The ghost of the tapeworm?
Well, I'm out of here. Come on, man.
I'm just trying to get home
to see mi familia in Mexico.
No, no, I'm not dealing with this.
I got a head full of acid.
Oh, come on, man, I can pay you.
I can pay you real good.
- Oh.
- Let's go, man.
I can't move on till I know they're okay.
Come on, cholo. Arriba.
(Latin dance theme playing)
(Ghost speaking Spanish)
(Cries)
Aah!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org